fix(vitePreprocess): preserve value imports for transformWithOxc (#1330)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: .changeset/preprocess-oxc-imports.md

---

> ## '@sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte': patch
---
```

> Pass `typescript.onlyRemoveTypeImports` to `transformWithOxc` in `vitePreprocess` so value imports are not dropped when they are only referenced in Svelte template markup ([1313](https://github.com/sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte/issues/1313)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: pass `typescript.onlyRemoveTypeImports` to `transformWithOxc` in `vitePreprocess` so that value imports are not dropped when they are only referenced in Svelte template markup
```
